msic changes found while reading (#1576)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/editor/extension/contributions.md

**Cocos Creator** supports contributions between extensions.

> When writing an extension, it is possible to query whether the existing functions in the editor provide the function of receiving external contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When writing an extension, it is possible to query whether the existing functions in the editor provide the ability of receiving `contributions` externally.
```

> If the function provides a contributions function, use these functions when writing extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are functions that provide the ability of receiving `contributions` externally, use these functions when writing extensions.
```
